I love the way you look at me.
You make me feel like I'm the only person in the world.
With you I can be myself.
I love you because we are family and best friends at the same time.
When we're together, all my problems disappear.
You make my heart smile.
You know me better than I know myself..
You are always willing to help me accomplish my goals.
You have the smoothest skin. I could spend hours just watching and caressing it.
You make me smile when nobody else can.
You have taught me the true meaning of love.
Because I miss you… even when you're in the next room.
Because when I'm hurt, you help clean me up and bandage me and kiss and make it better. 
You're always there for me, no matter what.
I love when we walk down the street in the rain, and you hold the umbrella above me so I don't get wet.
You let me be myself and you encourage me to find more of myself.
You are truthful and vulnerable with me.
You encourage me after I feel like I've failed.
You make me feel like I can get through anything, as long as I have you.
You sacrifice and work so hard, without even realizing that you are.
You always make time for just the two of us.
Because you are determined to make this relationship work.
Because you help me see negative things differently.
Because when you laugh it makes me laugh!
We understand each other so well. 
Your arms feel more like home than any house ever did.
You make my inner child happy.
I get to be the one to make you happy.
i get to be the one to make your inner child happy.
We both love lego XD.
You always keep your promises. 
You have the ability to comfort me simply by your touch. 
Because you are so sexy and I can't believe I get to call you mine.
You always believe in me and inspire me.
I can always talk to you.
You give me massages. 
Because I can see how much you love being there for me. 
Your eyes smile when you laugh.
You are sweeter than my favorite dessert.
Because you always treat everyone well. 
You are doing everything to become a better person for yourself and for us.
I love how you put so much thought into everything you do for me.
You have an innate ability to protect and take care of me.
I love you because you gave me the gift of yourself. 
You make me a better person.
Because you make me feel special.
You have a gentle and calming voice that soothes me when I'm upset.
The day I met you, I found my missing piece.
Because I can be myself around you.
Because you trust me unconditionally.
You are always pushing me to be better and my biggest fan in all that I do.
You make all of my dreams come true, no matter how small they are.
You make me laugh so hard that I spit my drink out!
Because I can't imagine life without you. 
You know the secret, little things that cheer me up and make me happy.
You only seem to notice my strengths and always have confidence in me.
You don't just tell me you love me, you show me.
You know how to cheer me up when I'm sad.
You care deeply about my success and my happiness.
You never give up on me, even when I'm at my worst.
You make me feel completely cherished and adored.
You care about the people around you.   
You're always there when I need a shoulder to cry on.
You are smoking hot!
I love your snuggles.
You may not always agree with my decisions but you always trust me to make them. 
I love that you ask about my day.
You have the courage to chase your dreams. 
You give me butterflies.
You're cute when you're grumpy.
I love that your hand fits perfectly with mine.
I love that I get to go through life with you.
We spend lots of time talking about decisions we need to make together.
You tell me why you love me. 
You are my very best friend in the whole world.
You make the dark a little less scary.
You're the calm in the storm.
You make me feel so safe.
I love how you’re able to make me laugh, even when the situation shouldn't be funny.
You are everything I never knew I needed.
I love that you let me cuddle up REALLY close to you… even when you're overheating.
You hold my hand in movies. 
You're not afraid to be silly with me. 
You're always saving funny memes and tt's on your phone to show me later because you want me to laugh too.
I love that you make my fears melt away.
Your kisses make me weak in the knees.
I love that you take care of me when I forget to.
You're always doing little, creative things to let me know you care. 
You know when to help and when to let me do it myself.
You're a great person to talk decisions over with. You don't tell me what I should do but you give me great feedback and listen.
You love cheese as much as I do!
You make me laugh, even when I feel like crying.